----- Eat That Frog -----
----- 21 Great Ways to Stop Procrastinating and Get More Done in Less Time -----

Introduction: Eat That Frog
1 Set the Table
2 Plan Every Day in Advance
3 Apply the 80/20 Rule to Everything
4 Consider the Consequences
5 Practice Creative Procrastination
6 Use the ABCDE Method Continually
7 Focus on Key Result Areas
8 Apply the Law of Three
9 Prepare Thoroughly Before You Begin
10 Take It One Oil Barrel at a Time
11 Upgrade Your Key Skills
12 Identify Your Key Constraints
13 Put the Pressure on Yourself
14 Motivate Yourself into Action
15 Technology Is a Terrible Master
16 Technology Is a Wonderful Servant
17 Focus Your Attention
18 Slice and Dice the Task
19 Create Large Chunks of Time
20 Develop a Sense of Urgency
21 Single Handle Every Task



Introduction: Eat That Frog
    The Need to Be Selective
        For this reason, and perhaps more than ever before, your ability to select
        your most important task at each moment, and then to get started on that
        task and to get it done both quickly and well, will probably have more of an
        impact on your success than any other quality or skill you can develop.

        An average person who develops the habit of setting clear priorities and
        getting important tasks completed quickly will run circles around a genius
        who talks a lot and makes wonderful plans but who gets very little done.

    The Truth about Frogs
        The first rule of frog eating is this: If you have to eat two frogs, eat the
        ugliest one first.
        The second rule of frog eating is this: If you have to eat a live frog at all, it
        doesn’t pay to sit and look at it for very long.  

        “Failure to execute” is one of the biggest problems in organizations
        today. Many people confuse activity with accomplishment. They talk
        continually, hold endless meetings, and make wonderful plans, but in the
        final analysis, no one does the job and gets the results required.

1. Set the Table
    There is one quality which one must possess to win, and that is
    definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants and a
    burning desire to achieve it.
        Here is a great rule for success: Think on paper.